Add a warning about a known issue with JavaFX and Apple Silicon. (#1235)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/mock.rst

.. warning::

   There is a `known issue <https://bugs.openjdk.org/browse/JDK-8296654>`__ with JavaFX and Apple Silicon computers. The task ``runOnSimulator`` fails with
   an error ::

      libc++abi: terminating due to uncaught exception of type NSException
      Exiting /Users/bguedas/Git/J0059_Example-Mock-Framework/custom-widgets-app/build/vee/scripts/hil.xml.
      Exception in thread "thread2" java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: Broken connection with client
	      at java.lang.Throwable.fillInStackTrace(Throwable.java:82)
	      at java.lang.Throwable.<init>(Throwable.java:37)
	      at java.lang.Error.<init>(Error.java:18)
	      at java.lang.LinkageError.<init>(LinkageError.java:18)
	      at java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError.<init>(UnsatisfiedLinkError.java:10)
	      at com.microej.example.mockframework.Main$1.run(Main.java:45)
	      at com.is2t.bon.timer.TimerTaskList.runLaunchedTasks(TimerTaskList.java:237)
	      at ej.bon.Timer.run(Timer.java:431)
	      at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:325)
	      at java.lang.Thread.runWrapper(Thread.java:387)

>    This issue affects most JDK distributions. As a workaround, we have successfully used Oracle JDK versions ``17.0.14`` to ``21.0.6`` to avoid this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This issue affects most JDK distributions. As a workaround, we recommend to use Oracle JDK versions ``17.0.14`` to ``21.0.6`` to avoid this issue.
```
